Privacy Policy
Last updated on April 22, 2020.

Zomato Limited (Formerly known as Zomato Private Limited and Zomato Media Private Limited) and/or its affiliates ("Zomato," the "Company," "we," "us," and "our,") respect your privacy and is committed to protecting it through its compliance with its privacy policies. This policy describes:

the types of information that Zomato may collect from you when you access or use its websites, applications and other online services (collectively, referred as "Services"); and
its practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies only to the information Zomato collects through its Services, in email, text and other electronic communications sent through or in connection with its Services.

This policy DOES NOT apply to information that you provide to, or that is collected by, any third-party, such as restaurants at which you make reservations and/or pay through Zomato's Services and social networks that you use in connection with its Services. Zomato encourages you to consult directly with such third-parties about their privacy practices.
Please read this policy carefully to understand Zomato's policies and practices regarding your information and how Zomato will treat it. By accessing or using its Services and/or registering for an account with Zomato, you agree to this privacy policy and you are consenting to Zomato's collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information as described here. If you do not provide the information Zomato requires, Zomato may not be able to provide all of its Services to you.

If you reside in a country within the European Union/European Economic Area (EAA), Zomato Media Portugal, Unipessoal LDA , located at Avenida 24 de Julho, N 102-E, 1200-870, Lisboa, Portugal, will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services;

If you reside in United States of America, Zomato USA LLC, located at 7427 Matthews Mint Hill Rd., STE 105, #324, Mint Hill, NC 28227 will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services;

If you reside in any other part of the world, Zomato Limited, located at Ground Floor, Tower C, Vipul Tech Square, Sector 43, Golf Course Road, Gurugram - 122009, Haryana, India will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Your data controller is responsible for the collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information in accordance with its privacy standards as well as any applicable national laws. Your data controller may transfer data to other members of Zomato as described in this Privacy Policy. Zomato may process and retain your personal information on its servers in India where its data centers are located, and/or on the servers of its third parties (in or outside India), having contractual relationships with Zomato.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        This policy may change from time to time, your continued use of Zomato's Services after it makes any change is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        The information we collect and how we use it
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Zomato Limited ("Zomato," the "Company," "we," "us," and "our”) collects several types of information from and about users of our Services, including:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Your Personal Information("PI") - Personal Information is the information that can be associated with a specific person and could be used to identify that specific person whether from that data, or from the data and other information that we have, or is likely to have access to. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used to identify a specific person, whether in combination with other information or other.
